Hospital Database
PHASE 1:
Group: Daniel Dockins, Joshua Tolbert, Rinzee Stansberry
We have been reached out to by a new upcoming hospital that needs a database.This hospital is being built for people who are less fortunate and need help. The hospital is located in an area where there are no other sources of medical help, so it will have various types of doctors. Our clients want to have information on the doctors, patients and laboratories. This hospital should also include information about the rooms and patient diagnosis. They also wanted to make sure the doctor's information consists of his/her name, ID and address. They want the patient's information such as name, age, ID, and address. There should also be a database for the diagnosis relating to the patients. Since this Hospital will include various types of doctors the types of doctors in the hospital should be included. This database should also specify the types of laboratories since each one will be different depending on the type of doctor needed. Like the laboratory the database should also have information about the Rooms used such as room number and room type. There should also be information on billing what specifies the patient ID as well as the Doctors ID and room and lab fees. This hospital would also like the database to include information about patient appointments such as date of appointment and patient ID and Doctor ID. This hospital also needs to keep information about their nurses. The Nurses information will be the same as the doctors which includes the NuseID, Name, and address. 
